and you are still lord sir in acquaintances
Argentines and now we are with the
sweet potato garnish a sweet potato
ante directly grasps the lavas
well washed and without the need to peel them
which is perhaps the most problematic
he has because he has all the little hand
stained the short 100 slices of
cassette types and then then the
Put a little oil well
On the side isolated, he loves worshiping
game pretty soft first so that
take a nice tan color and then
we're going to put a good
amount of broth and they are going to finish
cook in the broth then remember
first dora and then we're going to
cover with lime now we are giving
turns to gold or be
same side and side and on the other hand
you will see that to my right here I have
another pan or cacerolita to make the
sauce so let's start the sauce
how we ripped it out first the pan
the pan the crazy pot that you
have put it over the fire and it does
heat then once it is each
day
you throw the sugar like that and the idea is to make
a candy yes lady a candy no
too burned you know that if the
sugar burns too much loses the
sweetener I want to make a
blond candy therefore in the hand
I have the doubts while I see how it
is generating that candy that is going
Toasting that does not get too
I have orange juice when I eat
you then see that the
candy you throw the juice of
orange as to lower the temperature
immediately that candy is
vitrify look how good is there
it does not matter what's left there and it's going to
Dissolve in the heat at the temperature
of the orange juice was our
I keep finishing up adding everything
the orange cube logically that to
this aside you have to add a little
of ketchup sauce a spoonful and a
A little more must be worked on
little is ideal with a beater cited
because it generates brun
so that it dissolves perfectly
salsita is what we like so much
of tomatoes and if you do not put a little bit of
canned tomato or a little tomato
this pureed form the matter is that
dissolves well remember and I repeat
sugar some candy but for that
it has to be total good to the
cacerolita tu ta ta your calentita
there the orange juice and the ketchup and
let's go with salt and let's go with ground chili
because if he has orange juice I
I want to give it a contrast of itch to
that this is not the idea of ​​a sauce
a dessert saw this is going to accompany a
meat that is baked that has a
oil filling a bacon and onion
of green and that I did not tell him I do not know if
He saw because I think I ate it
I told him tried with mustard or be
which is a flavor pump we put salt
we put you here ground we have this for
another side well golden our cows
or sweet potato or sweet potato as it says in
different places of america
now let's cover with the broth a
broth there directly so that it
finish cooking in the broth then
the sweet potato although it seems super super
hard is faster to cook than the
papa although it seems very hard in the
time to peel it and others but when
wash kitchens and cook faster than
papa so keep not leave her not
I want to make this a puree I want
they are golden I want them to be tender
but that they are not undone with respect
to the sauce remember the caramel the juice
orange salt pepper if you want
the ketchup and what is missing me
put a nose a pepper that you
directly when you have it can be
colorado can be green you grab it
he pricks it with a stick of over brooches
that has ximena and deposits it
directly on the stove
literally what most has them that
to be bold with the black shoe is going
turning so he put black black
black you say but you are crazy you are
burning them and I'm burning it knows
that you have them more does not matter because a
Once it is well burned it grabs it
I put in a bag I let it concentrate
condensate heat see it and then in
matter of a minute I pass it by the
cold tap water and peel
absolutely once it is pegadito
then you have it cooked tenderly and very
okay, smoked anita
so what remains for us to do is
we go to vision 7 and then we go back